Add use case description (#41)
modelix/modelix-samples: README.md

     For more details, also see the ['OpenAPI of the Courses domain' section in the MPS README.md](openapi/README.md)

  4. **OpenAPI implementation**

     This project provides two implementations of the [OpenAPI](openapi) domain abstraction.

     - A. MPS as a source (`rest-api-json-bulk` component)

          This API implementation provides access to the model by obtaining the model knowledge directly from a running MPS instance.
          It is implemented using ktor and connects to the [`json-bulk-model-access`](https://github.com/modelix/mps-rest-model-access) plugin running inside of MPS.
          This component can only provide **read only access** as the `json-bulk-model-access` is read only.

          For more details, also see the [`rest-api-json-bulk` README.md](rest-api-json-bulk/README.md) for details.

     - B. model-server as a source (`rest-api-model-server` component)

          This API implementation provides access to the model by connecting to a running [`modelix model-server`](https://github.com/modelix/modelix.core/tree/main/model-server).
          It is implemented using Quarkus and can provide **read access** to the underlying model.

>           This is realized using websockets exposed by the `model-server`.

Reviewer: That's not right, I would say. We have normal read access through REST and additionally a websocket for push notifications about ongoing model changes.

gradlew.bat build # windows
```

Once the initial build has completes feel free to inspect the [use cases](/doc/README.md#use-cases) and start components as described for each use case.
Alternatively, you can inspect and edit the project with the code editor of your choice.
 - The top repository provides `IntelliJ` configurations,

>  - the [mps](mps) sub-project can be opened using `MPS 2020.3.6`, and

Reviewer: oh, it's already there :D

 - the [dashboard](spa-dashboard-angular) is a `WebStorm` project.

## System architecture and components in this repository

This project allows you to run different use cases.
Depending on the chosen use case, only a subset of the components in this repository are used.

## Full System architecture

The full architecture includes components for multiple use cases.
One does not need all components to realize individual use cases.

[<img src="/doc/images/system-diagram-full.svg" width=80% >](https://app.diagrams.net/#Hmodelix/modelix-samples/main/doc/images/system-diagram-full.svg)

In the following a short overview is given on each component.

  1. **The MPS Language**

     The language (meta-model) and model used in all examples.

     [See the 'Language' section in the MPS README.md](mps/README.md#language)

  2. **Generated model API (domain API)**

     An API based on the meta-model generated with the [api-gen](https://github.com/modelix/api-gen) plugin from modelix.

>      [See the 'Generated API' section in the MPS README.md](mps/README.md#generated-api)

Reviewer: Maybe it would be good if each of the list items here gave a one-sentence rationale on which purpose the item serves.

Author: this info is within each of the folders, if we want we can lift all that in the main readme in the future

Reviewer: I think a short verdict would be good here. That's what helps people decide if they have to look at the part of the samples or not.

>   3. **Domain-specific openAPI**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  3. **Domain-specific OpenAPI**
```

     In this example project, an extra domain-specific API layer is added which is defined in the [openAPI](https://www.openapis.org/) [specification](/openapi).

>      This layer is meant educational as there are no noteworthy abstractions happen in this definition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     This layer is meant educational as no noteworthy abstractions from the language itself happen in this definition.
```

From a point of view of the microservice-like architecture of the example the definition still serves a purpose. It decouples the frontend from potential changes to the language.

>      It intends to show how one introduces a clearly defined domain-specific abstraction isolating the language engineering (meta-modeling) and the web development.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     It intends to show how one introduces a clearly defined domain-specific abstraction decoupling the language engineering (meta-modeling) and the web development.
```

     We provide two implementations of the API layer: The [`rest-api-json-bulk`](/rest-api-json-bulk) and [`rest-api-model-server`](/rest-api-model-server) components.

     For more details, also see the ['OpenAPI of the Courses domain' section in the MPS README.md](openapi/README.md)

>   4. **openAPI implementation**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  4. **OpenAPI implementation**
```

>      This project provides two implementations of the [openAPI](openapi) domain abstraction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     This project provides two implementations of the [OpenAPI](openapi) domain abstraction.
```

An so on ;-) https://spec.openapis.org/oas/latest.html here's the reference for the spelling.

     - A. MPS as a source (`rest-api-json-bulk` component)

          This API implementation provides access to the model by obtaining the model knowledge directly from a running MPS instance.
          It is implemented using ktor and connects to the [`json-bulk-model-access`](https://github.com/modelix/mps-rest-model-access) plugin running inside of MPS.
          This component can only provide **read only access** as the `json-bulk-model-access` is read only.

          For more details, also see the [`rest-api-json-bulk` README.md](rest-api-json-bulk/README.md) for details.

     - B. model-server as a source (`rest-api-model-server` component)

          This API implementation provides access to the model by connecting to a running [`modelix model-server`](https://github.com/modelix/modelix.core/tree/main/model-server).

>           It is implemented using Quarkus and can provide **read an write access** to the underlying model.

Reviewer: But we have no write so far, right? Isn't it confusing to advertise this here then?

          This is realized using websockets exposed by the `model-server`.

          For more details, also see the [`rest-api-model-server` README.md](/rest-api-model-server/README.md) for details.

  5. **Single-page application (SPA) Dashboard**

     The dashboard provides access to model knowledge through a browser.

>      As it is conforming to the openAPI specification, the dashboard is able to obtain the model content from both openAPI implementations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     As it is conforming to the OpenAPI specification, the dashboard is able to obtain the model content from both backen implementations.
```

OpenAPI implementations is misleading here. Backend and frontend implement the spec. Maybe we should somehow call the Quarkus and ktor applications "backends" or something else and use this term consistently throughout the documentation?

     However, the dashboard is consequently limited by the chosen API implementation.

     For more details, also see the [`spa-dashboard-angular` README.md](spa-dashboard-angular/README.md) for details.

>      Note: Requires an openAPI implementation to obtain model knowledge from.

Reviewer: Same wording issue as above.

      ✔ Browser application bundle generation complete.

      Initial Chunk Files   | Names         |  Raw Size
      vendor.js             | vendor        |   2.47 MB |
      polyfills.js          | polyfills     | 318.03 kB |
      styles.css, styles.js | styles        | 211.31 kB |
      main.js               | main          |  86.71 kB |
      runtime.js            | runtime       |   6.53 kB |

      | Initial Total |   3.08 MB

      Build at: 2022-12-07T09:18:02.345Z - Hash: 186b24edf20c1c4a - Time: 13776ms

      ** Angular Live Development Server is listening on localhost:4200, open your browser on http://localhost:4200/ **

      ✔ Compiled successfully.
      ✔ Browser application bundle generation complete.

      5 unchanged chunks

      Build at: 2022-12-07T09:18:02.740Z - Hash: 186b24edf20c1c4a - Time: 324ms

      ✔ Compiled successfully.
      <============-> 95% EXECUTING [29s]
      > :spa-dashboard-angular:npmRun
      ```
   </details>

4. Explore the dashboard at [http://localhost:4200/](http://localhost:4200/)

   Note: Changes to the model in MPS will not automatically synchronize to the dashboard, you will have to manually reload the model.

> ## UC 2: Dashboard view and edit

Reviewer: Maybe leave this out until implemented?

Author: I will move it to its own branch for when it is done.
